\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename rmixer.info
@settitle rmixer
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header


@c @defindex op
@c @synindex op vr
@c @synindex cp pg


@copying
This manual is for rmixer.

Copyright @copyright{} 2013 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying


@ifnottex
@node Top
@top rmixer
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title rmixer
@subtitle Simple remote interface for the ALSA mixer
@author Mattias Andrée, m@@maandree.se
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents


@menu
* Overview::                        Overview of @command{rmixer}
* Invoking::                        Invoking @command{rmixer}
* License of rmixer::               Summary of the license of the program
* GNU Free Documentation License::  The license of this manual
* Concept index::                   Concept index
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview
@cindex overview
@cindex description

@command{rmixer} is a simple remote interface for the ALSA mixer.
You can use it for example by setting up a server daemon on your
stationary computer and set up some keybinding on your portable
computer to change the volume on your stationary computer from
your portable computer.


@node Invoking
@chapter Invoking
@cindex invoking
@cindex arguments
@cindex options
@cindex executing
@cindex running

Omitted options and arguments are read from @file{~/.rmixerrc}.
Last appliced option at conflict takes precidence.

To set up a server run @command{rmixer --server --port PORT},
and to access the server run @command{rmixer --client ADDRESS --port PORT ACTION}.

Possible values for @var{ACTION} is:

@table @code
@item +
Increase PCM volume by 3dB
@item -
Decrease PCM volume by 3dB
@item 0
@itemx m
Set PCM volume to zero.
@end table



@node License of rmixer
@appendix License of rmixer

@flushleft
           DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
                    Version 2, December 2004

 Copyright (C) 2004  Sam Hocevar <sam@@hocevar.net>

 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
 copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
 as the name is changed.

           DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
  TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

 0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.
@end flushleft

@c @node GNU General Public License
@c @appendix GNU General Public License
@c @include gpl.texinfo

@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@node Concept index
@appendix Concept index
@printindex cp

@c @node Concept and program index
@c @appendix Concept and program index
@c @printindex pg

@c @node Variable and option index
@c @appendix Variable and option index
@c @printindex vr


@bye

